Add local runner exercise (#7)
esciencecenter-digital-skills/python-intermediate-development-gitlab: _episodes/23-continuous-integration-automated-testing.md

You can also use gitlab.com's runners for free if you provide your credit/debit card details,
read more [here](https://about.gitlab.com/pricing/#why-do-i-need-to-enter-credit-debit-card-details-for-free-compute-minutes)

> ## Exercise (Optional): Install self-managed GitLab runner.
> Please refer to [this guide for various choices on how to install a local runner](https://docs.gitlab.com/runner/install/docker.html)
>  
> These are the steps that will work for most setups:
> 
> ### 0. Make sure you have docker installed on your machine.
> [TNO Coding guild Docker guide](https://codingguild.tno.nl/coding-at-tno/programming-environments/?h=docker#docker (VPN needed))
> 
> ### 1. Install the GitLab runner through docker 

> > Optional: In MacOS systems, /srv does not exist by default. Create /private/srv, or another private directory, for setup.

Reviewer: This might be confusing. If MacOS users now work in `/private/srv`, they also need to adapt the code below. Also, `mkdir /private/srv` requires `sudo` permissions. I would suggest to use `$HOME/srv` and add a note regarding the following commands:
```suggestion
> **Note**: In MacOS systems, /srv does not exist by default. Create `$HOME/srv` (with `mkdir $HOME/srv`), or another private directory, for setup.
> This requires that you also update the following command. Replace `/srv` with `$HOME/srv`.
```
Also, it is not really optional for MacOS users, so I would remove that.

Author: Yes, definitely agree and I really like your suggestion! In general, this 'exercise' will be a little adventure for everyone so requires our attention in guiding participants through it. For example, I had to use a docker volume because somehow could not figure out how to use the local folder in `$HOME/srv`.

> 
> ```
> docker run -d --name gitlab-runner --restart always \
>   -v /srv/gitlab-runner/config:/etc/gitlab-runner \
>   -v /var/run/docker.sock:/var/run/docker.sock \

> >   gitlab/gitlab-runner:latest

Reviewer: When I run this locally, I see these messages in the Docker container log, repeated every 3s:
```log
2024-11-16 11:32:23 ERROR: Failed to load config stat /etc/gitlab-runner/config.toml: no such file or directory  builds=0 max_builds=1
```
Not sure this is expected. It might be related to MacOS (see previous comment).

Author: I am also not sure. But like I said, I think this is quite advanced stuff and everyone will encounter different errors.

Author: I wrote it down as a point to discussin the calibration meeitnbg
